well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
why we're about to see a whole bunch of
companies out on the west coast become
humanitarians it stems from a non ruling
from the Supreme Court Supreme Court
declined to hear a case coming out of
the Ninth Circuit and that case was the
City of Boise versus Martin now what the
ruling held was that ticketing somebody
who was sleeping on public property when
there wasn't a shelter available
well that's cruel and unusual punishment
in essence it decriminalized
homelessness it's what it did it's got
some far-reaching far-reaching
consequences are gonna come out of it
and when I sit there they're pretty cool
so the push to criminalize homelessness
to criminalize poverty it's been around
a while and it's getting more and more
drastic and it's been driven by
companies mainly that don't want
homeless people near their storefronts
it's what it boils down to in some cases
it's wealthier citizens who don't want
almost people around their their
properties as well but at the end of the
day what you're going to find out now is
these people who wanted to criminalize
them lock them up just get them out of
their sight you know kick the can
further down the road or in some cases
beat the people further down the road
into another jurisdiction they're not
gonna be able to do it so the only
alternative if they want to keep their
storefronts free of people they see is
undesirable well they're gonna have to
become humanitarians they're gonna have
to chip into the communities they're
profiting from
we're going to need homeless shelters
affordable housing this these things
it's something that's gonna need to come
and I have a feeling this ruling will
spread across the u.s. right now it's
only that this only applies on the west
coast but all jurisdictions need to look
at this very carefully because it's
gonna head east this is gonna migrate so
people need to start die making
budgetary provisions for it so what
we're going to end up with is we're
going to see a number of things one
we'll start to see those that are
outside of where this ruling applies
those jurisdictions are going to start
pushing people into where it does apply
and then they'll blame the the
politicians over in those areas for an
increase in homelessness we can expect
that to happen but we can also expect
companies that had been funding the push
to criminalize homelessness to suddenly
have a change of heart
and to work for shelters and work for
affordable housing there's a nonprofit
called news story and they teamed up
with a construction technology company
out of Austin Texas I believe called
icon they can 3d print they can 3d print
houses now in 24 hours
their 2-bedroom 1-bath were very
inexpensive we have the technology to
solve this problem we just need the will
all of a sudden out of
less than pure motives people are going
to find the will so that political
capital to make this happen is going to
be there if you're an advocate for
housing for all if you are an advocate
for you know people who are in poverty
if you're an advocate for the homeless
now is your time now is your time to
step up and really get in the game
because we're we've crossed a threshold
where the courts are now saying you
can't criminalize this without an
alternative you can do it if there are
shelters available and they choose not
to use them and there are empty beds
well yeah I guess that could be a crime
but you can't do it if you have no place
to send them the Supreme Court
surprisingly has taken a very liberal
stance a stance that is going to send
the u.s. using corporations down a path
towards providing housing for everyone
it's a very interesting development as
something we should watch anyway it's
just a thought y'all have a good night